Good afternoon.
This is session 222,
Introduction to Attributed
Strings for iOS.
I'm Aki Inoue from the Cocoa Group.
For the last couple of years,
we've been getting numerous
feedbacks requesting multi-style
string drawing in iOS,
much like
Attributed String Integration on OS X.
As Chris announced yesterday,
spectacularly,
in his What's New in Cocoa Touch session,
the wait is over.
We are introducing UIKit and
SFS string integration in iOS 6.
These are the items we're covering today.
First, I'm going to start with
Attribute Essentials.
How to create, how to modify,
and how to work with them
effortlessly and efficiently.
So with this material,
you should be able to bootstrap and work
with the attributed string right away.
And I believe the materials present
here should be valuable even for
those of you who are already familiar
with attributed string via core text.
Then we're going to see some of the
drawing attributes UIKit provides.
Later on, you'll see how these new
capabilities are integrated
into the UIKit control classes.
Let's get started.
When you go to iOS 6,
when you wanted to render
a string like this,
you'd use ULLabel or
your string drawing API.
The data model for this
functionality is based on NSString.
When you want to render text,
you specify a font, you specify a string,
along with other required information.
For example,
you specify a string and a font.
and the bold form, string, font, color.
And there was no object
bindings attributes together.
and the attribute string.
The object associates these
attributes to the characters.
So you can attach font
to your string object.
You can specify a color to a range,
or even specify various
fonts to different ranges.
So what can you exactly do with
these attributed string objects?
The first advantage is, of course,
you can create multi-style
attributed string.
You can render and measure text,
multi-style text as a single unit.
This is from Stock's application.
As you see in the news section,
it shows both headline and summary.
The both string is the headline.
When it requires more than one line,
it wraps to the second line.
Then the summary string in regular
typeface is concatenated right after it.
It's very easy.
Another advantage
is coming from the ability to attach
an arbitrary number of attributes.
and That way we can extend the
capability without complicating the
API much so that we provide much
more expressive options in terms of
text formatting via attracing API.
This is an example from Reminders.
In order to reserve the
space for priority icon,
we are shifting the first line.
You know, like this,
you still require you to manually
measure lines and render them separately.
Now it's as easy as creating an attribute
string with indent option and render.
Also, we're now more expressive in
terms of graphics representation.
Shadow, outline, underline,
so on and so forth.
This is rendered entirely
using UIKit attributes.
You don't have to go down to
and Koi Graphics and more.
You can have this kind of text effects
right from the comfort from your
UIKit object-oriented programming.
What's an Assertive Stream?
An Assertive Stream is not new, actually.
In fact, it's been available in the
foundation framework since iOS 3.2.
It's not just been used
by UIKit up until now.
And these two base methods represent
the model object for the-- the data
model for the attribution object.
It has an string and a dictionary
of attributes per character.
And this is the designate
initializer for the object.
In it with string attributes,
it takes a string and attributes.
The attributes are specified
to the entire string this way.
So let's create an attribute string.
We're using NSFontAttributeName,
an attribute key for specifying
UI font to your string here.
It's new for iOS 6.
And using the initWithString attributes,
we are creating a string with the
system font at 12-point size here.
Very easy.
One thing to note here is that
AttributeString associates
attributes to characters.
So for an empty string,
there's no attributes associated with it.
This is an important
characteristic of AttributeString,
so I'm going to revisit the
fact later in this talk again.
So now you created an attribute string,
let's modify it.
Just like other foundation-date objects,
this attribute string has
clear separation between
mutable and immutable classes.
In this mutable attribute string,
Mutable subclass of NSFH string
has these two groups of mutable
methods for changing attributes
and changing string contents.
Let's change the attributes first.
This is the best method
for changing attributes.
Set attributes range.
It replaces the attributes at the
range with the specified attributes.
Straightforward.
However, you typically work with these
convenient methods for adding
and removing attributes.
This way,
you can focus to a particular attribute.
For example, if you have font picker UI,
the object can focus to
NSFont attribute name.
And similarly,
if you have color picker UI,
you can focus to the
text color attributes,
so on and so forth.
So these methods are useful for
modifying existing attributes,
of course, but it's also useful for you
creating the multi-style attributes.
You might think when creating
multi-style attribute string,
You might consider instantiating
an attribute string,
plus I run and concatenate
together at the end.
However, it's much more efficient to
instantiate the entire string up from
the modified attributes as necessary.
Let's create multi-style
attribute string efficiently.
Here we're using another attribute
new to iOS 6 and it's program
color attribute name for specifying
text color using UAColor.
and we're instantiating attribute
string using attribute string attributes
but in this case we are instantiating
NSMutable attribute string so that later
you can modify the contents freely.
And here,
we're using add attribute value range to
specify the red color to the time string.
Here, now you have multi-saggible string.
Now, change the string contents.
This is, again,
the best method for changing the
string contents for attributed string,
replace characters in range with string.
Just like there,
just like its attribute counterpart,
we have a convenient method for adding,
replacing,
and inserting attributed string.
But I recommend to stick with
the base replace characters
in range with string method,
because this way you can avoid
instantiate temporary attribute string
just for modifying your string contents.
So let's work with the reproductive
range with string here.
Here's an example.
We have the same new robot you were
seeing from the previous example.
We want to move the dentist
appointment one earlier at 8:15.
Using replaced characters
in range with string method.
We accomplished that.
Notice that we just
specify a string here,
yet the attribute is still there.
Why is that?
Because the attributes are
preserved while you are working
with the string contents.
That way... Thank you.
That way, you are still-- when you are
working with string contents,
you can focus to the string contents
and forget about attributes.
In order to do so,
you can just remember three simple rules.
First,
when you're replacing a range of text,
the attributes for the new
string is coming from the first
character of the old range.
When you're inserting,
the attributes coming from
the previous character,
and when you're inserting
at the beginning,
you don't have the previous character,
so you have the attribute
from index zero.
Now, remember, I mentioned no character,
no attribute rule.
Because the attributes are
associated with characters,
when there's no attributes,
there's no attributes to be
inherited to a new string inserted.
So with this characteristic,
you might get surprised sometimes.
You might want to be careful about this.
In this example, we are inserting a
string at rotation three.
Using the rule 2,
the attributes coming from
the previous character,
the lowercase c,
And with this example,
inserting at the beginning,
we're getting attribute index 0,
the lowercase a,
And also, when you are replacing
a range of characters,
you're getting the attribute from the
first character from the old range,
so lower Tc gives the
attributes a new string.
Finally,
when you erase the entire string,
there's no attribute anymore.
So when you insert a new string,
there's still no attributes.
So you want to remember this fact.
[Transcript missing]
Let's work with attributes
inside AttributeString.
Internet attributes
Using attributes at index
effective range method,
it returns an NSDictionary of
attributes at specified location.
Notice that the method
takes another argument,
a pointer to an NSRange.
Upon returning from this method,
it's filled with the concept of a range
for the style run at the location.
So it's useful when you want to identify
the style run you are working with.
But one thing to note here
is that it doesn't return
the maximum range possible.
Because the way API is
designed to be effective,
it can return the date
range readily available.
[Transcript missing]
The range argument could be
filled at index 3 and length 3.
However,
it's possible to get shorter range,
or even just the character itself.
So if you want to work with
the attributes sequentially,
and Qualus, the operation on style rams,
you can use these convenience method.
Attributes at index longest effective
range and range and attributes at index
longest effective range and range.
This method takes extra effort to
ensure the range you get is the maximum
continuous range for the start run.
So when you access string like this,
with attributes that index from
this effective range in range,
you get the full style runs as expected.
Similarly, if you use attribute at index,
longest effective range in
range with NS1 attribute name,
you get two ranges.
Similarly,
if you use NSProgramColorAttributeName,
as you expected, three ranges.
Very simple.
So if you want to work with
attributes sequentially,
process, style run one by one,
you can use this attribute
animation method.
It takes a block and the block
is invoked per style run.
So it's useful when you want
to change the attributes
based on existing attributes.
For example,
if you want to change the font
attribute from the regular
typeface to bold typeface,
it's very useful.
Similarly,
it's useful for when you want to
change the string contents while
preserving the multi-style configuration.
How do you do that?
In this example,
we are advertising the entire
string that has multiple styles,
and you want to preserve
the styles there.
To do so, first,
we're going to get the current locale
because the appartage operation
is locale sensitive operation.
Then we're going to call animate
attributes and range options using block.
Instead of block,
we create a substring using the specified
range and replace the characters.
And here, using the upper case,
AppletasteString with locale,
specifying the locale to do the
proper locale-sensitive operation.
And the result is AppletasteString,
while the attributes are still preserved.
Now you're familiar with
the attributes string.
Let's take a look at some of the drawing
attributes we introduce in iOS 6.
This is an example string
from the previous section.
Once you have an attributed
string like this,
rendering is very easy.
Just send the message, draw a point.
That's it.
In iOS 6, we're introducing
NSStringDrawing API from UIKit.
It's much like the NSRT string
categories found in OS X.
The method has two major groups,
one simple, one extended.
In the simple drawing method,
we have drawing rect, draw point, size,
very simple interface.
Yet, because of the abilities we are
providing through attributes,
they can perform pretty
sophisticated tasks here.
Drawing reg renders itself
inside a specified reg.
And depending on the setting
inside that string itself,
it can wrap or truncate itself properly.
and DrawAtPoint can render
itself at a specified point.
And since there's no
constraint size specified here,
it just renders as a single line mode.
Similarly,
the size method does the single
line measurement of the receiver.
and these are pretty much a
giver and their counterpart
in US String Drawing API.
DrawingRef is very similar
to DrawingRef with font,
line break mode, alignment.
And DrawedPoint,
similar to DrawedPoint with font,
size method with size with font.
and we are introducing a slew of
attributes you can use in iOS 6.
You have many bells and whistles
for configuring the appearance
of layout of your attribute
strings inside the applications.
Here, I'm focusing to three of the basic
attributes you're going to be
commonly using again and again.
You've already seen the first
two NSFont attribute name and
NSForegroundColor attribute name.
and the third one is an NSParagraph
attribute name that controls
the text formatting options.
Each of these attributes uses UI font,
UI color and NSParagraph
style object as its value.
[Transcript missing]
An attribute missing from
attribute dictionary means that's
implying the default value,
not just unspecified.
What does that mean?
Instead of just leaving
the attribute unspecified,
we use the default value for each
attribute if they are missing
from the attribute dictionary.
For example, for the font attributes,
we use the system font of system font
size and the black color for text color,
and similarly default paragraph style
for the paragraph style attribute.
Here is an example illustrating
the default value usage.
Because since there is no unspecified
attributes in AttributeString,
the attribute string can always
produce an expected result for you.
For example,
you have an attribute string here,
this time using initWithString method.
It's a convenience cover
for the initializer.
And this method does take any attribute.
So the attribute is essentially
empty for this attribute string.
Now, we are rendering, we are filling the
background with red color.
What this means is the
CG content color property is
left with a red color setting.
Now, we render with the empty attributes.
The end result is instead of
using the CGColorColor property,
we are using the default value,
black color, to render here.
Now let's take a look at the final
attribute in this session in the
form of style attribute name.
And this part of the style
encapsulates various paragraphs-wide
text formatting options for you.
Line Break Mode, Alignment, Line Spacing,
so on and so forth.
They give you powerful text formatting
capability to your applications.
And because of that,
you can have rich word processor-like
text formatting in your application.
And notice that the single
paragraph style object is
shared for an entire paragraph.
Because the way attributed string works,
you can apply and assign multiple
paragraph style objects to a string,
but only the first attribute,
the first one associated with the
first character in the paragraph is
used for the entire paragraph style.
and this is an example we showed
early in this session from reminders.
It's using the indenting option
using Power Star to reserve the
space for the priority icon.
We have this setting in Paragraph style,
line break mode, alignment,
spacing for lines,
between lines and between paragraphs.
indentation.
You can control margin from left to right
and for the first line specifically.
And you can have final
control over line height.
and finally,
you can control hyphenation and right to
left settings using the power of style.
We're going to see two of the commonly
used Firehose style settings here.
First, line break mode.
It's very similar to UI line
break mode you are familiar with.
First, you
We are creating mutable paragraph
style just like other objects.
The NSParagraphStyle has separation
of mutable and immutable classes.
Here we're using NSMutableParagraphStyle.
The init method returns the
paragraph instance configure
for the system default.
So that all you have to do is just change
the setting you want to customize here.
Here, you are changing line break
mode to tail-translation.
And using this paragraph style,
the end result is tail-translated text.
Alignment.
Very similar to UI text alignment,
you can specify left, center,
right alignment as expected.
In addition to that,
we are providing full justification.
And finally,
you can specify a natural alignment.
What does this mean is that
When you specify this setting,
for majority of all languages,
the text is left online,
but if you are working with
write to left language
such as Arabic or Hebrew.
It's going to be
automatically write a line.
usually have an appetite
for more rendering power.
We have advanced
attributed string sessions.
We're going to show more bell
and whistle for treating your
application's attributed string.
So it's good to come back for this
session if you want to do these tricks.
Now I'd like to switch over to
my colleague from UIKit group,
Ian Baird, who's going to show how
these new capabilities are
integrated into UIKit controls.
Ian.
Thank you, Akki.
Hi, I'm Ian Baird.
I'm a label engineer for UIKit,
and I'm happy to talk to you about
UIKit's adoption of attributed strings.
or how do I get this
stuff into my labels?
The first thing to remember is that
UILabel is really your nexus of power.
If you understand how to use
attributed text with UILabel,
you essentially understand
how to use attributed strings
with the rest of UIKit.
This is a UI label with a title.
It says, hi, I'm a UI label with a title.
And you can see it's unadorned.
We've used thousands if not
millions of these in our apps.
I'd like to introduce to you today
UI label with an attributed title.
There are a few existing properties on
UILabel that you've probably used before.
The first one is the text property.
This takes an NSString instance
and it tells the label what
you want it to represent.
The next property is the font property.
As you see,
we've changed from the system to font,
in this case, Helvetica Noia,
to one of my favorites, Heuveler Text.
Next, you can change the text color
by supplying a UI color instance
to the text color attribute.
You can even change the text
alignment as we have done here,
changing the text alignment from
center aligned to left aligned
using the text alignment property
You can set up word wrapping
using line break mode.
You can add a shadow with shadow color.
And you can change the shadow offset.
We've added a new property to this,
attributed text.
As you can see,
now you can supply an NS attributed
string to UILabel and it will
represent your attributed
string as we have done here.
We've also added a new property,
minimum scale factor.
This tells Label exactly how small it
can shrink all of your fonts before we'll
begin to truncate the text to try to
fit it within the bounds of the label.
We also added a new Boolean property,
adjust letter spacing to fit width.
This tells us exactly how much
-- it tells us exactly -- sorry.
It tells us we can adjust the tracking
between your characters to try to fit
all of the text in the UI label's bounds.
We've deprecated a property.
Minimum font size.
In a new world where you
can have multiple fonts and
multiple font point sizes,
it no longer makes sense to
specify a minimum font size.
We would prefer that you instead use
the new minimum scale factor property.
There are a few things to remember when
using labels and attributed strings.
And this is one of the most important.
When you're using any of the
existing style properties,
the properties are going to apply
the style to the entire string.
So for example,
if I set the font with the font property,
NS font attribute name is going to be set
to Helvetica Noi for the entire string.
Next, if I change the text color
using the text color property,
you're going to change the text color
for the entire attributed string.
and that's Label.
Next today,
I'd like to tell you about what
we've done with Button by building
on the methods you already know.
First, the setTitleForControlState
method allows you to supply,
again, an NSString for a certain
control state for the button.
This will render the NSString on
the face of the button.
knew in iOS 6,
set attributed title for control state
allows you to supply an NS attributed
string for a UI control state.
And an important point to remember
is that this new attributed title
is going to take precedence.
If you set title for UI control
state normal and set attributed
title for UI control state normal,
the button is going to
show the attributed title.
We've even changed Pickerview
to Pickerview Caliente.
To achieve this effect,
just implement PickerView attributed
title for row for component in
your UI PickerView data source.
We've added some
properties to UI TextView.
The first one is attributed text.
You can supply an attributed string
to UI TextView and it's going to
render the string as its content.
Next, we've added a Boolean property
allows editing text attributes.
We're excited about it, too.
It allows your users to interact with
and change any of the style properties in
the text view on the attributed string.
You can then fetch this attributed
string back out via the property.
Any new update to the API of UIKit,
any talk about new updates
to UIKit is really incomplete
without a discussion of TableView.
TableView, as Chris said,
is really the workhorse of UIKit.
And today I'm happy to tell you there
are no new properties or methods.
just set attributed text on the
cell or header views text label.
has prepared a demo and he's
going to show you all this cool
new functionality in UIKit.
Thanks, Ian.
Hi, I'm Johannes Fortmann
from the UIKit team,
and I've prepared a little
application that shows you how to
use these attributed strings in
your app to render beautiful text.
My application is basically very simple.
I have a few pages from speeches
from famous plays and I render them.
You might use that on the bus to
learn your text if you're an actor,
for example, or just to look at the
beautiful typography.
Let me show you how that looks right now.
I'm switching to demo here.
I'm going to run this for you
so you can see how it looks.
And here we go.
As you can see,
we have a beautiful collection view,
our new class here,
and we are showing several pages from
speeches like Midsummer Night's Dream.
And when you tap one of these,
you can see a nice,
though unstyled rendering of these.
And you can see the text here.
And you can
So what I want to do first
here is transform my app,
which has been written against
the old version of the OS,
apparently,
to use the new amazing features we have.
I've already put in a method
to compare and contrast these.
So if I slide here, we see nothing,
because I didn't actually
implement the rendering.
It should be -- it should switch
between these two rendering modes.
So let's look at the
implementation of this.
Looking at the implementation here,
we have a page view and this page view
renders pages paragraph by paragraph.
So what we're doing here is basically
our data model has these pages laid
out and separated in paragraphs.
We are going, walking through the page
one paragraph at a time,
drawing it, and sizing it up.
We also have a case distinction here.
If we're using unstyled drawing,
we are just using the old rendering
path and the style drawing,
well, it's implemented with a copy here.
That's obviously no good.
So I'm going to delete this.
So first, if we want to render
an attributed string,
we need to get an attributed string.
I've already implemented a method on my
data model to actually format the string.
And I'm going to call
it to get my string,
which I will then later render.
Then because we have to advance
our page cursor down our page,
we have to size up our string.
I'm going to do that.
And then finally we have
to actually draw it.
That's it.
That's how easy this is.
Let's have a look at this.
All right.
So, this is our new rendering,
and I'm zooming in here so you can
actually see that we are rendering
with attributes because this is
kind of tiny on the big screen.
You see how we are beautifully
rendering in two different fonts.
And if I use my switch gesture,
please pay attention to the will
here because that's going to change.
I'm switching back to
the simple rendering now.
And as you can see, the simple rendering,
unlike the new attributed rendering,
doesn't support attributes
like the kerning attribute.
So, we don't actually kern
in the simple rendering,
whereas we do proper kerning with
the attributed rendering system,
which allows us to render
this much more beautifully.
All right.
Let's switch back to this overview here.
And as you can see here,
our title of our page
is using a UI label.
And right now we are basically
using the standard UI label,
we are setting the title,
and we are setting the text color.
But we're not making use
of the new attributes here.
So let's change that by bringing
this label into the new exciting
world of attributed strings.
I'm going to pull up
my page preview cell.
As you know,
the collection view uses cells to render
each of these objects we see here.
And this is the cell we are using.
Basically what we're doing
right now is what I just said.
We have a text label,
set its text to the title of our page,
and then we're setting the color.
Now we won't need this anymore,
so I can delete it.
And what we actually need
to do now here is we want to
create an attributed string.
What we have to do is first we have to
create a style dictionary which defines
the style of our attributed string.
I'm going to do that.
I'm choosing to leave the
font name empty so we use the
default font as we did before.
We didn't set a font on the label.
I'm only setting the foreground
color to be a red color.
Just like before.
Okay.
Then we have to create the
attributed string here.
That's a simple call to the method.
We have to init with the old string,
page title, and use the attributes
to set on this string.
And finally,
I have to assign it to my label.
That's it.
Let's look at this.
Well, that was boring.
We didn't change anything.
It looks exactly the same.
But we can see here that at least we've
verified that our attributed string
rendering works exactly like it did
before with the non-attributed rendering.
Let's go back and spice this up a little.
You can see we've -- in our labels,
we have basically always the
name of the play and then the
name of a scene within this play.
What I want to do now is kind of
emphasize the name of the scene here.
So I want to set a different font,
a bold font.
Let's do that.
I've already created a mutable
attributed string so I can now change
the attributes on our attributed string.
And to change the attributes
on part of the string,
what I have to do is first actually find
the separator that divides our name of
the play from the name of the scene.
That's a hyphen in this case.
So I'm going to find this hyphen.
Oh, first I'm going to, of course,
create the font I want to later set.
Then I'm going to find my hyphen.
That's just a call to range of string.
Now I have to move my range that
I just created to just after
the hyphen because we don't want
the hyphen to actually be bold.
And finally,
I have to extend the range to
the full extent of my scene name.
So let me do that.
The last thing I have to do is actually
set my new bold font on this range,
this range only, of course.
So I'm doing that.
Let's have another look at the
current appearance of this.
All right.
I'm going to zoom in here so we
can actually see that this is bold.
And it's a very nice bold.
It's understated and tasteful,
yet kind of beautiful.
All right.
Let's have a look at the page view again.
Now, you see here we have
these stage directions.
I'm going to show you
with the mouse here.
It's the Oberon leading the
fairy sing and dance here,
for example.
And these are kind of indented.
I did that with a few spaces.
It's not as good as it could be.
And, well, it's also black like
the rest of the text.
So, people might actually
accidentally read this.
So, what I want to do now is change these
stage directions to be first making
use of the NS paragraph style attribute
centered and second to have a slightly
different color and better font.
So, let's do that.
And here I'm going to show you
how I'm formatting these strings.
I do that in my data model in the
attributed string for paragraph
method which I'm pulling up now.
And this is really very simple.
What we're doing here is we get the
speaker for the current paragraph,
we get the text,
and then we create an attributed
string for the speaker and an
attributed string for the text.
Finally, we append those.
So, and then we return the
value for current paragraph.
Now, you can see here that the string is
not the same as the previous string.
You can see here the attributes
we are using are attributes that
are apparently instance variables
here which are already predefined.
That's a good idea because we don't
want to create a new dictionary every
time we format a simple paragraph.
So, let's look at where we define that.
And I'm doing that in my
designated initializer here.
In the knit with title method.
That's my pages initializer.
together.
You can see here I'm creating the speaker
attributes with my speaker color and
bold font and I'm creating the text
attributes with the text color and,
well, the regular font here.
and now I want to create my
stage direction attributes.
Now, as I said,
I want these to be centered.
So I have to create a NS paragraph style.
In fact, an NSMutable paragraph style.
I'm going to create that one.
That's my centered style.
It's the default style,
only it's mutable.
And now I have to actually set its
alignment to be actually centered.
That's this line where
I just set the alignment.
I also have to create a font that's
for this paragraph style I chose to use
an italic font that's a bit lighter.
That's the
and Helvetica Light Oblique font.
Now, having created that,
all that remains for me to do
for this is to actually create
the style dictionary and stow it
away into my instance variable.
All right.
Now that we have initialized
our style dictionary,
I'm going back to the
attributed string method.
And now I can format my paragraph.
Of course, I only want to format it if
it's actually stage direction.
Otherwise,
the current formatting is fine.
So I'm distinguishing the two cases.
This one here is if the
paragraph is a stage direction.
And the other one is my old one,
old case.
Let me reformat that quickly.
That's the case where we format as usual.
Okay, in the stage direction case,
all that remains for me to do
is actually format the text
with my new paragraph style and,
well, append it to my return value.
Let me run that for you.
and here we go.
Let me zoom in.
And now my paragraph is
actually centered and the font
is changed and the color too.
All right.
Let me switch back to slides.
So to sum this up,
you've seen how to actually draw text
using the attributed string methods.
You've seen how easy it is
to enhance an existing label.
So you have a label which
is pretty common case.
And you want to spruce it up just a
little by adding extended attributes.
And finally, you have seen how to
use paragraph styles.
And with that, I give back to Ian.
Thank you, Johannes.
So you've seen a lot of things today.
You've seen the basics of using,
creating, modifying,
and querying attributed strings.
You've seen how to do this.
Akki took you on a
whirlwind tour of the API.
Next, you saw how to draw them and
use them with paragraph styles.
And finally, we showed you how they
were adopted by UIKit.
If you'd like to know more,
I'd recommend contacting our
UI Frameworks evangelist,
Jake Behrens.
He'll be happy to help guide
you in your quest for more
information about attributed
strings and their use with UIKit.
Next, you can also visit the
UIKit documentation online.
And finally, if you haven't visited the
Apple Developer Forums,
I would urge you to.
It's a great place to go to give
and receive peer-to-peer support and
interact with employees like Akki,
Johannes, and myself.
Next, we have a few related sessions.
As Akki talked about earlier,
we have our advanced attributed
strings for iOS talk.
You're going to learn
about shadow attribute,
stroke attribute,
and a host of other attributes
that we talked about today
but didn't go into depth for.
Next, you should catch the video
for keyboard input in iOS.
They're going to talk
more about UI Text Field,
UI Text View,
and their adoption of attributed string.
Finally, there's going to be a session
on core text and fonts.
Core text is the awesome,
awesome framework which underlies
all of this new technology.
So I would urge you to
go and see this session.